Added a section for JSON-encoded results (#1636)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/javascript.md

| [ExecuteScriptAsync](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.wpf.webview2.executescriptasync) | Run JavaScript in a WebView control. For more information, navigate to the Get Started tutorial. |
| [OnDocumentCreatedAsync](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2#addscripttoexecuteondocumentcreated) | Runs when the Document Object Model (DOM) is created. |

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Scenario: ExecuteScript JSON Encoded Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario: ExecuteScript JSON-encoded results
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON encoded, if the result evaluating the JavaScript is a string you will receive a JSON encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following script results in a string with the following value including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes. 

Author: ```suggestion
Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON encoded, if the result is a string you will receive a JSON encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following script results in a string with the following value including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes. 
```

Author: @david-risney - not sure what 'evaluating the JavaScript' means? do we need this. Also when we should define 'result', does this mean result as in return value of ExecuteScriptAsync or the value that is passed to script after it is json encoded?

Reviewer 3: Right, result can sort of mean two things here I think: the result of running some JavaScript - a JavaScript object or the async string result of ExecuteScript/Async which is the JavaScript result that is then JSON encoded. 

For example:
* C# code: ExecuteScriptAsync("\"abc\"")
* Result (of script execution): "abc"
* Result (of ExecuteScriptAsync): "\"abc\""

The result of ExecuteScriptAsync is defined in terms of the result of script execution so we need to talk about both. I was trying to say the `result of evaluating the JavaScript` to distinguish it from the result of ExecuteScriptAsync but other wording or something would be good to.

Reviewer 2: Changed the first sentence to "Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON-encoded, if the result of evaluating the JavaScript is a string, you will receive a JSON-encoded string and not the value of the string." The ret of the paragraph matched Jason's edit.

> Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON encoded, if the result evaluating the JavaScript is a string you will receive a JSON encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following script results in a string with the following value including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON-encoded, if the result of evaluating the JavaScript is a string, you will receive a JSON-encoded string, and not the value of the string. For example, the following script results in a string with the following value, including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes:
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Because the result of is ExecuteScriptAsync is JSON encoded, if the result evaluating the JavaScript is a string, then you will receive a JSON encoded string and not the value of the string. For example the following script will result in a string with the following value including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON encoded, if the result evaluating the JavaScript is a string you will receive a JSON encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following script results in a string with the following value including the quotes at the start and end, and the escaping slashes. 
```

>  * Script: "example \" \' \\ "; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Script: `example \" \' \\ ";`
```
not sure the desired result.  This suggestion simply wraps the entire string as-is, in backticks ( in Markdown, that means rendering a mid-sentence literal code string as-is).

Reviewer 2: maybe done

>  * Script: "example \" \' \\ "; 

Reviewer 4: The "rich view" of this is losing the backslashes. I think this needs to be within a code block to show up properly.

Reviewer: @vchapel - This seems like a tagging fix for you to implement.  Probably just wrap with backticks, not sure if remove escapes or keep them.  See the rendered page.  https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/javascript?branch=pr-en-us-1636#scenario-executescript-json-encoded-results
You could look at the branch/PR in VS Code, and try its .md Preview view.

Reviewer 2: @champnic adjusted the tagging to show backslashes in a code block. Is this correct?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84938940/148126450-218bc275-0d17-4ed5-9f31-6a23af1d1699.png)

Reviewer 2: @champnic I placed the backslash section in code blocks, is this correct?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84938940/148126753-efd04968-daad-40c6-8900-1f00adbe7cf4.png)

Reviewer 4: The formatting looks correct now. However, I'm wondering if the values are correct. @jasonstephen15 Where did we get this example? If it was JSON encoded I would expect a bunch more backslashes in the result no? From playing around with this I get:
```cs
var result = await webView22.CoreWebView2.ExecuteScriptAsync(@"'example \""';");
result == "\"example \\\"\""
```

I wonder if a simpler example would demonstrate the encoding more clearly and still be helpful:
```cs
var result = await webView22.CoreWebView2.ExecuteScriptAsync(@"'example'");
result == "\"example\"";
```
Where the quotations around the string have been encoded by JSON.

Reviewer 3: From me 😊. The script & result in the above are the raw values of the string not represented with encoding. Using a code snippet like you have above should be more explicit about encoding / escaping

>  * Result: "example \" ' \\ "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Result: `"example \" ' \\ "`
```

Reviewer 2: maybe done

> The script returns a string that `ExecuteScript` JSON encodes for you. If you call `JSON.stringify` from your script, then the result is doubly encoded as a JSON string the value of which is a JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script returns a string that `ExecuteScript` JSON encodes for you. If you call `JSON.stringify` from your script, then the result is doubly encoded as a JSON string, the value of which is a JSON string.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Note that the script is returning a string and ExecuteScript JSON encodes that for you. If you call JSON.stringify yourself in script then the result will be double encoded as a JSON encoded string the value of which is a JSON encoded string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script returns a string that `ExecuteScript` JSON encodes for you. If you call `JSON.stringify` from your script, then the result is doubly encoded as a JSON string the value of which is a JSON string.
```

> Only the properties in the result will be included in the JSON encoded object, not inherited properties. Most DOM objects inherit all properties, so you'll need to explicitly copy their values on to another object to return. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the properties in the result will be included in the JSON encoded object, not inherited properties. Most DOM objects inherit all properties, so you'll need to explicitly copy their values onto another object to return. For example:
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Only the properties on the result will be included in the JSON encoded object, and not inherited properties. Most DOM objects inherit all of their properties and so you'll need to explicitly copy their values on to another object to return. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only the properties in the result will be included in the JSON encoded object, not inherited properties. Most DOM objects inherit all properties, so you'll need to explicitly copy their values on to another object to return. For example:
```

Script              | Result
---                 | ---

> performance.memory  | {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`performance.memory` | `{}`
```

Reviewer 2: done

> (() => { const {totalJSHeapSize, usedJSHeapSize} = performance.memory; return {totalJSHeapSize, usedJSHeapSize}; })(); |  {"totalJSHeapSize":4434368,"usedJSHeapSize":2832912}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`(() => { const {totalJSHeapSize, usedJSHeapSize} = performance.memory; return {totalJSHeapSize, usedJSHeapSize}; })();` | `{"totalJSHeapSize":4434368,"usedJSHeapSize":2832912}`
```

Reviewer 2: done

> When we return just `performance.memory` we don't see any of its properties in the result because all properties are inherited. If instead we copy particular property values from `performance.memory` into our own new object to return which properties are directly set, then we do see those properties in the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we return just `performance.memory`, we don't see any of its properties in the result, because all properties are inherited. If we instead copy particular property values from `performance.memory` into our own new object to return which properties are directly set, then we do see those properties in the result.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> When we return just `performance.memory` we don't see any of its properties in the result because all properties are inherited. If instead we copy particular property values from `performance.memory` into our own new object to return which properties are directly set, then we do see those properties in the result.

Reviewer 3: This second sentence is confusing to me. 

```suggestion
When we return just `performance.memory` we don't see any of its properties in the result because all properties are inherited. If instead we copy particular property values from `performance.memory` into our own new object to return, then we do see those properties in the result.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> When we return just performance.memory we don't see any of its properties in the result because all of its properties are inherited. If instead we copy particular property values off of performance.memory and into our own new object to return on which the properties are directly set, then we do see those properties in the result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we return just `performance.memory` we don't see any of its properties in the result because all properties are inherited. If instead we copy particular property values from `performance.memory` into our own new object to return which properties are directly set, then we do see those properties in the result.
```

> When executing script via `ExecuteScriptAsync` that script is run in the global context. It helps to have your script in an anonymous function so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example, if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception because example was defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();` the example variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function. That way it is not polluting the global context and can be run more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing script via `ExecuteScriptAsync`, that script is run in the global context. It helps to have your script in an anonymous function, so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example, if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception, because `example` was already defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();`, the `example` variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function. That way, the variable definition isn't polluting the global context, and so the line can be run more than once.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> When executing script via `ExecuteScriptAsync` that script is run in the global context. It helps to have your script in an anonymous function so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example, if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception because example was defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();` the example variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function. That way it is not polluting the global context and can be run more than once.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When executing script via `ExecuteScriptAsync` that script is run in the global context. It helps to have your script in an anonymous function so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example, if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception because `example` was defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();` the `example` variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function. That way it is not polluting the global context and can be run more than once.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> When executing script via ExecuteScriptAsync that script is run in the global context. It is a good idea to have your script in an anonymous function so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception because example was defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();` the example variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function and so is not polluting the global context and can be run more than once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When executing script via `ExecuteScriptAsync` that script is run in the global context. It helps to have your script in an anonymous function so that any variables you define aren't polluting the global context. For example, if you run the script `const example = 10;` more than once, the subsequent times you run the script will throw an exception because example was defined the first time you ran it. If you instead run the script `(() => { const example = 10; })();` the example variable is defined in the context of that anonymous function. That way it is not polluting the global context and can be run more than once.
```

| [OnDocumentCreatedAsync](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2#addscripttoexecuteondocumentcreated) | Runs when the Document Object Model (DOM) is created. |

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Scenario: ExecuteScript JSON Encoded Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario: ExecuteScript JSON-encoded results
```
